1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
when it comes to larger/ distributed projects more than one person will be working on a codebase. Hence it would be ideal 
to have the code repository available online since everybody can access it without less hastle.

2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
There might be users who are working with their own overrides of the codebase. then automatic syncing would cause data loss ambiguity to the user who is unaware of it. To overcome user surprises it is quite good to have the manual control over pull requesting.

3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
forks - are being used when you need to create a copy of a github repository of some other author in to your account for modification, preserving the backlinks. GitHub remembers the fork count of a given repositoy.

clones - clones can be used to create a local copy of a git repository which is either in gitHub or another location.

branches - branches are used to create deviations from the local repository in order to facilitate different perspectives (new features, bug fixes etc.) of the same repository. This allows the users to freely work on their deviation, without compromizing the quality of the master.

4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
by having so, the person could be able to work even offline with the understanding of what is there in the remote for a given timeframe.

5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Then we need to perform a manual code review/ peer review.
It's easier when it comes to time constraints & if the dev team is not geographically distributed. But when it comes to different timezones & availability, it is always hard to perform manual code/ peer reviews.

6. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
A refactoring in a critical area of the code, which might jeopardize the quality of master, we use a seperate branch. This has the benifit of asking another contributor to review the code for you in that perticular branch before merging it with the master via pull request.
On the other hand, if it is less critical & ok to go along with the master, then it reduces the users' overhead of merging & conflict resolving manually.